Yeah, right, pops. No jury in the world is going to convict a baby. Well, maybe Texas.
Really? Ah, jeez.
All right, Colossus, you're free to go. But stay away from Death Mountain.
Come again?
I'm not following you.
What?
Homer Simpson, you're under arrest for attempted murder.
Yeah, that's what they all say. They all say "d'oh".
Did you have the same backwards-talking dream with the flaming cards?
So Superintendent Chalmers can vouch for your whereabouts?
[applauding] Yeah! All right, okay! I believe you're innocent. Gee, I hope all the suspects are this much fun.
That's all I needed to hear. Boy, this thing works great.
Oh yeah, that was a pretty addictive video game.
[after the Simpsons' house collapses into the sink hole] They're China's problem now.
[sees Fat Tony and his mobsters dragging a body wrapped in a sheet to the lake] Uh sorry, sorry, no dumping in the lake!
I thought that too, until he said yard trimmings. You gotta learn to listen, Lou.
He was talking about it, but I never took him seriously.
[shouting at a naked Bart] Stop, in the name of American squeamishness!
We have a convict we're gonna fry tomorrow, but now we can't.
If that's true, then you should be taking the rap here, not your son.
You'll have to attend a one hour parenting class.
Alright, men. Open fire!
Who's hurt? Raise your hand.
Without the attitude.
[answer machine] 9-1-1. This better be good.
Here we are, 123 Fake Street. The home of Knifey Wifey!
Your mission is to find the firework smugglers and get them to say something incriminating on this tape.
Yeah, it's cheaper than blank tape.
[Wiggum thinks he's killed Bart and Milhouse, his snitches during a sting operation by blurting out Fat Tony's name over a hidden radio, and then hears what sounds like gunshots] My bad.
Whatcha got there, Simpson?
My wife only parms for me on my birthday, and that's only if I give her the sad puppy face look.
Oh, he likes me! Officer up! Officer way up!
Do you ever stop breathing in your sleep?
What, you? No way! Now me, I'm overweight. My underwear has to be made specially at a factory in the Ukraine. They call me Daddy Round-Round. They send me a postcard every year.
I paid for their water distilation plant.
I'm just glad we got to be friends again. You know, before we got whacked.
You really have that much faith in me?
That car thief can't hold his breath forever.
Then God help us all!
Your fingerprints are just like snowflakes. They're both very pretty.
[bangs on Homer's jail cell] Stop saying "Hawaii" in there.
Yeah, right. How ya gonna get 'em, skeleton power?
No.
No.
Yes. I mean, no.
Whoa, whoa, slow down, egghead.
Enough of your borax, Pointdexter! A man's life's at stake. We need action!
Take that, you lousy dimension!
Oh my god, somebody took a bite out of the giant rice krispy square. Oh, and the waiter's been brutally beaten.
Yeah I'll say. MAGIC TICKET MY ASS MCBAIN!
Hey, I'm the chief here. Bake him away, toys.
Do what the kid says.
Sideshow Bob has no decency. He called me Chief Piggum!
Oh wait, I get it, he's all right.
Oh, a shootie stealie.
Well, you take over then. I have no stake in this. This isn't even my bank. I'm at Federal Mutual down the street.
Can't a man have one minute alone with his monkey? One minute?
What'd you say?
He is a pretty great monkey, isn't he?
Latke? What the hell's a latke?
Case dismissed!
Guys we have to assume our guns are useless. Throw them in the lake.
Good, now the police car.
Hey, did you get my sweater from the front seat?
Oh yeah? Then where is it?
I 'Ought to punch you in the Nose, Bud!
Ah, you're just saying that.
Now, first of all, if you're gonna go undercover, you are gonna need a disguise.
Hey, good one! If we could afford a disguise like that, I wouldn't be payed in potato chip coupons.
Strike two - running over an elderly person without a license.
You know you're not supposed to go in there. What is your fascination with my forbidden closet of mystery?
What IS your fascination with my forbidden closet of mysteries?
Oh, sure. We'd all love some *real* friends, Marge. But what are the odds of that happening?
Crybaby.
Oh, run along, Quimby. I think they're dedicating a phone booth somewhere.
Hey, I got pictures of you, Quimby.
I think that sash is cutting off the air to your brain! The town charter says, in an emergency I run the show!
Fine!
Should we take one car, or should I follow you?
The ring came off my pudding can.
Yeah, I've been starving them, teasing them, singing off key...
All right, come out with your hands up, two cups of coffee, an auto freshener that says "Capricorn", and something with coconut on it.
She didn't reckon with the awesome power of the Chief of Police. Now where did I put my badge?... Hey, that duck's got it.
That's the signal. Take the boot off the car, boys.
The Mc-what?
Example.
Get out. What do they call it?
"Quarter Pounder" with cheese? Well, I can see the cheese but? do they have Krusty's "Partially Gelatinated, Non-Dairy, Gum-Based Beverages"?
[singing] Donuts, I got donuts, I got...
Hey I know you!
Hey wait up! We gotta swap insurance info!
So long Lisa. If anything goes wrong, just dial 911. Unless it's an emergency.
That's Bob Seger.
Dang it!
My wife's shopping for a swimsuit that doesn't make her look horsey, so I'm gonna be here a while.
[shopping for his wife at a women's clothing store] My wife's looking for something that doesn't make her look like a horse, so, I'm gonna be here for a while
Homer Simpson, you're under arrest for the murders of Moe Syzslak and Apu Nahassa... passa... well, just Moe, just Moe.
At this time we have no leads but I can safely say that Apu didn't suffer.
Aw jeeze Lou. How long were you planning on letting me drink this stuff?
The baby looked at you?
[Principal Skinner, demanding that his relationship with Mrs. Krabappel be respected, exits the school with what looks like a bomb strapped to his chest] Wait a minute... that isn't a bomb! Those are hot dogs! Armor hot dogs!
Well, if it isn't that stupid cop from TV.
Oh yeah, that got it.
Well, well, well. If it isn't that stupid cop from TV.
All right, you scrawny beanpoles: becoming a cop is *not* something that happens overnight. It takes one solid weekend of training to get that badge.
Hey, I told you, you don't get your gun until you tell me your name.
That's some nice work, Simpson. But I'm afraid we can't hold them. There's no evidence.
They've uh... mysteriously disappeared.
Lookin' good boys!
OK, boys, set your night sticks on "whomp."
[speaking on megaphone] Attention hippies. Come out peacefully so we can smash your drug mill and all your worldly possessions.
Yessir, looks like we got ourselves an old-fashioned car chase!
[singing along] Rainbows, everything that's wonderful is what I feel, when we're together! Brighter than a lucky penny, when you're near dear, the rain clouds disappear, dear, and I feel so fine, just to know that you are mine!
And to think, those stupid environmentalists were protesting this landfill.
Routine investigation, just need to see the kitchen.
Put out an A.P.B. on a donut, believed sprinkled.
Fat Tony is a cancer in this fair city. He is the cancer, and I am the, um... what cures cancer.
Fat Tony is a cancer on this fair city. And I am the... uh... what cures cancer?
You know, you do have options. For example, there are behavior-modifying drugs. How wedded are you to the Bart you know?
[checking his watch, shouting] In about ten to fifteen seconds!
Boy, I'll tell you. They only come out at night. Or, in this case, uh, the daytime.
They only come out in the night. Or in this case, the daytime.
If I can tranq one freak on stilts, I know I've done my job.
Where on my badge does it say anything about protecting people?
Alright smart guy, where's the fire?
Okay, you just bought yourself a 317, pointing out police stupidity... Or is that a 314? Nah nah, 314 is a dog uh, in, no or is that a 315?... You're in trouble pal.
All right, Simpson, where's the fire?
All right, Simpson. You just bought yourself a 417, pointing out police stupidity. Or is that a 413? No, a 413 is a dog, and... um... you're in trouble, pal.
I'd like to purchase this AK-47, please. Will you need to run a background check on me?
Great! The ready availability of guns to the public makes my job as a cop safer AND easier.
We've been getting reports of someone using the Blue Houses as urinals. Save that behavior for the Brown Houses.
This is Wiggum, reporting a 318! Waking a police officer!
Hey, quit hoggin'!
Oh, man, what a day. It's no cakewalk being a single parent, juggling a career and family like so many juggling balls... two, I suppose.
You'll wear 'em till you learn, son.
Oh, forget it, that Mr. Takahashi's a lunatic!
I would.
I've added a secret ingredient just for you. The merciless peppers of Quetzlzacatenengo!
Grown deep in the jungles primeval by the inmates of a Guatemalan insane asylum.
I want to hallucinate, too!
All you destroyed were bricks, mortar, and attorneys!
Listen to me lady; the only way you're getting off this mountain is in a box, or a funicular.
Yeah, pipe down, Jules Verne.
Well, don't say it so loud.
Deal.
Walked into a door? That is the lamest excuse in the book.
All right, door. You're coming downtown.
[to Marge] Would an innocent person flee?
No, really, tell me, I honestly don't know.
Yeah, I'm, I'm not good...
That's funny because this is how I got this job the first time.
I didn't do anything. They took my gun and my badge. They would have gotten my squad car too if I hadn't hidden it under some hay.
Powerless to *help* you, not punish you.
Forget it. That's two blocks away.
I am proceeding on foot. Call in a code 8.
Do not be alarmed. Continue swimming naked. Oh, come on! Continue! Come on! Aw... all right, Lou, open fire.
Whew, thank God that's over. I was worried for a little bit.
[his tie is caught in the hot dog roller] Hey, I got problems of my own right now! Oh boy, this is going to get worse before it gets better.
Good God, he is fabulous.
Don't worry, your yellow-bellied ratting will be held in the strictest confidence.
Go ahead, Ralpie; the stranger is offering you a treat!
[Tries some, and spits it out] Holy Moses! It DOES taste like Grandma!
Yeah, me too!
Should we take a bushel or a peck, or - just give it to me!
I hide behind curtains because I have a fear of getting stabbed.
We'll track down Simpson with your vehicles anti-theft system.
Yeah, we know that. Where has it gone to?
[watching lottery drawing, phone rings] No... sorry, you have the wrong number, this is 912.
See ya in court, Simpson. Oh, and bring that evidence with ya; otherwise, I got no case and you'll go scot-free.
[With the rest of Springfield's police force waiting outside of the Simpson's home with their coffee mugs] Don't worry, boys, he's gotta come outta there sometime.
Oh, I'll field that one.
[voice-over] Me and the boys were all celebrating a job well done, when I threw my match in the vicinity of the crime scene...
Oh, right! The gas.
Book 'em, Lou.
One count of being a bear.
And one count of being an accessory to being a bear.
What do you think of this, boys?
It almost looks like an arrow.
Let's get out of here!
Here we are in now times. As you can see, I've gotten everything I ever wanted.
I told you can be in this documentary as long as you don't make fun of me!
How would you like it if I made fun of your pants?
Well they're a little, um... uh... oh, they're perfect!
[after putting the Wiccans in the back of the squad car] I feel kinda sorry for them. Lou, toss them a Judy Blume novel.
Really, nothing with kids in it? Damn budget cuts.
Uh, Mrs. Simpson, I have some bad news. Your husband was found DOA.
Oh, wait, I mean DWI. I always get those two mixed up.
Uh... why don't you talk to that officer over there? I'm going out to lunch.
Good luck, Ralphy. If your nose starts bleeding, it means you're picking it too much. Or not enough.
[if he wants to go to Snake's Apartment] Can you take me to this address? I have to deliver a warrant.
[sees a crazy hobo running around screaming] Ralphie, you stay here in the car while daddy tries to talk some sense into this raving derelict.
[stands there looking] All right all right slow down, slow down!
Slow down now, come on.
[Bart's team has won the hockey game] YES! We won! We wo-o-o-n! Um, unfortunately, since I bet on the other team, we won't be going out for pizza.
This is Papa Bear. Put out an APB for a male suspect, driving a... car of some sort, heading in the direction of, uh, you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless. Repeat, hatless.
Do it for this adorable little puppy. Look at the puppy, Marge.
[after letting a criminal suspect drive away] I'd rather let a thousand guilty men go free than chase after them.
All right, where's Sideshow Bob and that guy who uh, eats people and takes their faces?
OK, then. Where's Sideshow Bob?
Oh, great. Well, if anyone asks, I uh, beat him to death.
Don't you worry, Mr. Mayor. This little lady will be cracking rocks by the end of the week.
But... but she broke the law.
Word to the wise, Quimby: don't write checks your butt can't cash.
You talk the talk, Quimby, but do you walk the walk?
Just a minute! This isn't Mr. Burns at all! It's a mask!
Wait, it is Burns.
His wrinkly skin looks like a mask.
Yeah, I'll give it a shot. I mean, it's my job, right?
Let this be a lesson to you - kids never learn.
[In his underwear] Yeah, I say if it feels good, do it.
Don't snap my undies.
[arresting Marge for selling prescription drugs] Save it, Ma Peddle.
It's a reference to Ma Kettle, a movie character from the 1940s.
Well, boys, it looks like we solved the mystery of the missing ham.
No, now that I'm off-duty, I'm the world's worst soccer coach.
Slink away boys, slink away.
[reading a tombstone, talks into his "radio"] Put out an APB on a Uosdwis R Dewoh. Uh, better start with Greektown.
Uh, cancel that APB. But, uh, bring back some of them, uh, gyros.
[Comes out of bushes] Boogie, boogie, boogie!
Behold, the rarest of the rare... the mythological two-headed hound, born with only one head! And here, out of the mists of history... the legendary Esquilax. A horse with the head of a rabbit. And the body... of a rabbit!
Heh, yeah, right, lady: An elephant ran through your front yard. Okay.
Wiggum... Yeah, right, mister, mm-hmm. An elephant just knocked over your mailbox. Okay.
Wiggum... Yeah, right, buddy, liquor store robbery, officer down. Sure. And I'm Edward G. Robinson.
They'll find him, and, um... um...
Yeah, I did, didn't I?
Don't worry, Lou. We're two spaces away and one to the right.
I guess it's game, set, match for me.
I just got crused by a giant horse, Lou. Can you cut me a break?
Men, I want these brownies confiscated.
I said confiscate them! And while you're at it, confiscate me a T-shirt, XXXL
That was for pants.
Well, Mr. Burns, care to explain how this miracle of measure and harmony came into your possession?
Mr. Burns, you're under arrest for murder.
Uh, I hate to interrupt your fun boys, but I got a few complaints that your game is crooked.
Gee, I'd hate to close you down. Maybe we can reach a little, uh, understanding here.
Uh, let me put it this way. I'm looking for my friend Bill.
Have you seen any Bills around here?
[groans] Listen carefully, and watch me wink as I speak, okay?
The guy I'm really looking for, wink,
is Mr. Bribe, wink, wink.
All right, that's it. I'm shutting this game down.
Your story is very compelling, Mr. Jackass, um, Simpson. Let me just type it up on my invisible typewriter.
Right. Let me just type that up on my invisible typewriter.
[after pulling over Troy McClure] I'll tear this ticket up, but I'm, um, still going to have to ask you for a bribe.
I found that offensive, and I'm a fat, Southern sheriff.
